# openapi::GermplasmNewRequestDonors

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**donorAccessionNumber** | **character** | The accession number assigned by the donor  MIAPPE V1.1 (DM-50) Material source ID (Holding institute/stock centre, accession) - An identifier for the source of the biological material, in the form of a key-value pair comprising the name/identifier of the repository from which the material was sourced plus the accession number of the repository for that material. Where an accession number has not been assigned, but the material has been derived from the crossing of known accessions, the material can be defined as follows: \&quot;mother_accession X father_accession\&quot;, or, if father is unknown, as \&quot;mother_accession X UNKNOWN\&quot;. For in situ material, the region of provenance may be used when an accession is not available.                    MCPD (v2.1) (DONORNUMB) 23. Identifier assigned to an accession by the donor. Follows ACCENUMB standard. | [optional] 
**donorInstituteCode** | **character** | The institute code for the donor institute  MIAPPE V1.1 (DM-50) Material source ID (Holding institute/stock centre, accession) - An identifier for the source of the biological material, in the form of a key-value pair comprising the name/identifier of the repository from which the material was sourced plus the accession number of the repository for that material. Where an accession number has not been assigned, but the material has been derived from the crossing of known accessions, the material can be defined as follows: \&quot;mother_accession X father_accession\&quot;, or, if father is unknown, as \&quot;mother_accession X UNKNOWN\&quot;. For in situ material, the region of provenance may be used when an accession is not available.  MCPD (v2.1) (DONORCODE) 22. FAO WIEWS code of the donor institute. Follows INSTCODE standard. | [optional] 
**germplasmPUI** | **character** | The Permanent Unique Identifier which represents a germplasm from the source or donor  MIAPPE V1.1 (DM-51) Material source DOI - Digital Object Identifier (DOI) of the material source | [optional] 


