# openapi::GermplasmMCPD

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**accessionNames** | **array[character]** | MCPD (v2.1) (ACCENAME) 11. Either a registered or other designation given to the material received, other than the donors accession number (23) or collecting number (3). First letter uppercase. Multiple names are separated by a semicolon without space. | [optional] 
**accessionNumber** | **character** | MCPD (v2.1) (ACCENUMB) 2. This is the unique identifier for accessions within a genebank, and is assigned when a sample is entered into the genebank collection (e.g. \&quot;PI 113869\&quot;). | [optional] 
**acquisitionDate** | **character** | MCPD (v2.1) (ACQDATE) 12. Date on which the accession entered the collection [YYYYMMDD] where YYYY is the year, MM is the month and DD is the day. Missing data (MM or DD) should be indicated with hyphens or \&quot;00\&quot; [double zero]. | [optional] 
**acquisitionSourceCode** | **character** | MCPD (v2.1) (COLLSRC) 21. The coding scheme proposed can be used at 2 different levels of detail: either by using the general codes (in bold-face) such as 10, 20, 30, 40, etc., or by using the more specific codes, such as 11, 12, etc.   10) Wild habitat  11) Forest or woodland  12) Shrubland  13) Grassland  14) Desert or tundra  15) Aquatic habitat  20) Farm or cultivated habitat  21) Field  22) Orchard  23) Backyard, kitchen or home garden (urban, peri-urban or rural)  24) Fallow land  25) Pasture  26) Farm store  27) Threshing floor  28) Park  30) Market or shop  40) Institute, Experimental station, Research organization, Genebank  50) Seed company  60) Weedy, disturbed or ruderal habitat  61) Roadside  62) Field margin  99) Other (Elaborate in REMARKS field) | [optional] 
**alternateIDs** | **array[character]** | MCPD (v2.1) (OTHERNUMB) 24. Any other identifiers known to exist in other collections for this accession. Use the following format: INSTCODE:ACCENUMB;INSTCODE:identifier;INSTCODE and identifier are separated by a colon without space. Pairs of INSTCODE and identifier are separated by a semicolon without space. When the institute is not known, the identifier should be preceded by a colon.  | [optional] 
**ancestralData** | **character** | MCPD (v2.1) (ANCEST) 20. Information about either pedigree or other description of ancestral information (e.g. parent variety in case of mutant or selection). For example a pedigree &#39;Hanna/7*Atlas//Turk/8*Atlas&#39; or a description &#39;mutation found in Hanna&#39;, &#39;selection from Irene&#39; or &#39;cross involving amongst others Hanna and Irene&#39;. | [optional] 
**biologicalStatusOfAccessionCode** | **character** | MCPD (v2.1) (SAMPSTAT) 19. The coding scheme proposed can be used at 3 different levels of detail: either by using the general codes such as 100, 200, 300, 400, or by using the more specific codes such as 110, 120, etc.   100) Wild  110) Natural  120) Semi-natural/wild  130) Semi-natural/sown  200) Weedy  300) Traditional cultivar/landrace  400) Breeding/research material  410) Breeders line  411) Synthetic population  412) Hybrid  413) Founder stock/base population  414) Inbred line (parent of hybrid cultivar)  415) Segregating population  416) Clonal selection  420) Genetic stock  421) Mutant (e.g. induced/insertion mutants, tilling populations)  422) Cytogenetic stocks (e.g. chromosome addition/substitution, aneuploids,  amphiploids)  423) Other genetic stocks (e.g. mapping populations)  500) Advanced or improved cultivar (conventional breeding methods)  600) GMO (by genetic engineering)  999) Other (Elaborate in REMARKS field) | [optional] 
**breedingInstitutes** | [**array[GermplasmMCPDBreedingInstitutes]**](GermplasmMCPD_breedingInstitutes.md) |  | [optional] 
**collectingInfo** | [**GermplasmMCPDCollectingInfo**](GermplasmMCPD_collectingInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**commonCropName** | **character** | MCPD (v2.1) (CROPNAME) 10. Common name of the crop. Example: \&quot;malting barley\&quot;, \&quot;mas\&quot;.  | [optional] 
**countryOfOrigin** | **character** | MCPD (v2.1) (ORIGCTY) 13. 3-letter ISO 3166-1 code of the country in which the sample was originally collected (e.g. landrace, crop wild relative, farmers\&quot; variety), bred or selected (breeding lines, GMOs, segregating populations, hybrids, modern cultivars, etc.). Note: Descriptors 14 to 16 below should be completed accordingly only if it was \&quot;collected\&quot;. | [optional] 
**donorInfo** | [**GermplasmMCPDDonorInfo**](GermplasmMCPD_donorInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**genus** | **character** | MCPD (v2.1) (GENUS) 5. Genus name for taxon. Initial uppercase letter required. | [optional] 
**germplasmDbId** | **character** | A unique identifier which identifies a germplasm in this database | [optional] 
**germplasmPUI** | **character** | MCPD (v2.1) (PUID) 0. Any persistent, unique identifier assigned to the accession so it can be unambiguously referenced at the global level and the information associated with it harvested through automated means. Report one PUID for each accession. The Secretariat of the International Treaty on Plant Genetic Resources for Food and Agriculture (PGRFA) is facilitating the assignment of a persistent unique identifier (PUID), in the form of a DOI, to PGRFA at the accession level. Genebanks not applying a true PUID to their accessions should use, and request recipients to use, the concatenation of INSTCODE, ACCENUMB, and GENUS as a globally unique identifier similar in most respects to the PUID whenever they exchange information on accessions with third parties. | [optional] 
**instituteCode** | **character** | MCPD (v2.1) (INSTCODE) 1. FAO WIEWS code of the institute where the accession is maintained. The codes consist of the 3-letter ISO 3166 country code of the country where the institute is located plus a number (e.g. PER001). The current set of institute codes is available from http://www.fao.org/wiews. For those institutes not yet having an FAO Code, or for those with \&quot;obsolete\&quot; codes, see \&quot;Common formatting rules (v)\&quot;. | [optional] 
**mlsStatus** | **character** | MCPD (v2.1) (MLSSTAT) 27. The status of an accession with regards to the Multilateral System (MLS) of the International Treaty on Plant Genetic Resources for Food and Agriculture. Leave the value empty if the status is not known 0 No (not included) 1 Yes (included) 99 Other (elaborate in REMARKS field, e.g. \&quot;under development\&quot;) | [optional] 
**remarks** | **character** | MCPD (v2.1) (REMARKS) 28. The remarks field is used to add notes or to elaborate on descriptors with value 99 or 999 (&#x3D; Other). Prefix remarks with the field name they refer to and a colon (:) without space (e.g. COLLSRC:riverside). Distinct remarks referring to different fields are separated by semi-colons without space. | [optional] 
**safetyDuplicateInstitutes** | [**array[GermplasmMCPDSafetyDuplicateInstitutes]**](GermplasmMCPD_safetyDuplicateInstitutes.md) |  | [optional] 
**species** | **character** | MCPD (v2.1) (SPECIES) 6. Specific epithet portion of the scientific name in lowercase letters. Only the following abbreviation is allowed: \&quot;sp.\&quot;  | [optional] 
**speciesAuthority** | **character** | MCPD (v2.1) (SPAUTHOR) 7. Provide the authority for the species name. | [optional] 
**storageTypeCodes** | **array[character]** | MCPD (v2.1) (STORAGE) 26. If germplasm is maintained under different types of storage, multiple choices are allowed, separated by a semicolon (e.g. 20;30). (Refer to FAO/IPGRI Genebank Standards 1994 for details on storage type.) 10) Seed collection 11) Short term 12) Medium term 13) Long term 20) Field collection 30) In vitro collection 40) Cryo-preserved collection 50) DNA collection 99) Other (elaborate in REMARKS field) | [optional] 
**subtaxon** | **character** | MCPD (v2.1) (SUBTAXA) 8. Subtaxon can be used to store any additional taxonomic identifier. The following abbreviations are allowed: \&quot;subsp.\&quot; (for subspecies); \&quot;convar.\&quot; (for convariety); \&quot;var.\&quot; (for variety); \&quot;f.\&quot; (for form); \&quot;Group\&quot; (for \&quot;cultivar group\&quot;). | [optional] 
**subtaxonAuthority** | **character** | MCPD (v2.1) (SUBTAUTHOR) 9. Provide the subtaxon authority at the most detailed taxonomic level. | [optional] 


