# openapi::ObservationUnitTable

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**data** | [**array[array[character]]**](array.md) | Matrix of observation data recorded for different observation variables across different observation units | [optional] 
**headerRow** | **array[character]** | &lt;p&gt;The table is REQUIRED to have the following columns&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt;   &lt;li&gt;observationUnitDbId - Each row is related to one Observation Unit&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;At least one column with an observationVariableDbId&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;The table may have any or all of the following OPTIONAL columns. Included columns are decided by the server developer&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt;   &lt;li&gt;observationUnitName&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;studyDbId&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;studyName&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;germplasmDbId&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;germplasmName&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;positionCoordinateX&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;positionCoordinateY&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;year&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;The table also may have any number of Observation Unit Hierarchy Level columns. For example:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt;   &lt;li&gt;field&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;plot&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;sub-plot&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;plant&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;pot&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;block&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;entry&lt;/li&gt;   &lt;li&gt;rep&lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;The JSON representation provides a pair of extra arrays for defining the headers of the table.  The first array \&quot;headerRow\&quot; will always contain \&quot;observationUnitDbId\&quot; and any or all of the OPTIONAL column header names.  The second array \&quot;observationVariables\&quot; contains the names and DbIds for the Observation Variables represented in the table.  By appending the two arrays, you can construct the complete header row of the table. &lt;/p&gt; | [optional] 
**observationVariables** | [**array[ObservationTableObservationVariables]**](ObservationTable_observationVariables.md) | The list of observation variables which have values recorded for them in the data matrix. Append to the &#39;headerRow&#39; for complete header row of the table. | [optional] 


